We have to form our own virtual country. We have a large number of people with a large area. 
if hum as a govt farming karte hai to farmers ko fixed salary deni hogi and ye less eficient method hoga. if hum un logo se bole ki ye area un logo ka hai jo ugega wo un logo ka hoga and wo log us property pr bs farming hi karenge or kuch nh kar skte. then ye more efficient hoga. koi salary bhi nhi deni hogi. resource less use honge. govt ko bs markit regulate karni hogi. pesticides and seeds low price pr provide karane honge. 
Roads and railways will be developed to transport things and people. 
The region is mainly divided into urban, semi-urban and rural parts. 
job opportunities in rural areas are less. The area mainly depends on farming. The level of education is less than semi-urban & urban. People who are not able to find main jobs in rural areas or start looking for job opportunities in semi-urban and urban areas for a better future. 
job opportunities in semi-urban areas are more than rural but less than urban. This sector mainly depends on manufacturing and small business. The level of education is higher than the regular level. if People are not able to find suitable area for job opportunities. They will start looking for a new place for opportunities in the urban area. 
job opportunities are more in urban areas. This sector is mainly dependent on big business, IT sector, international businesses. The level of education is the best. Those who are not happy with this environment then they will be find a new place for job opportunity for better future. 
If the government builds a road then whoever has more money will do business from the shop. Those who have less money will do business from stole. The area will develop gradually. 
Then the government acquires the area and starts developing it. The area will be divided mainly into industrial, commercial, residential types. Each type has its own benefits. People buy property according to their wealth. Then people in rural areas or less wealthy people provide better structure to the area by doing the main work of building construction. Then people will earn funds by creating jobs or businesses and will boost the economy. people will go Better place for find better opportunity. 

We will create education policy for our country children. If a person knows about only one skill. They will do the same thing all their life even if the benefits are less. We have to teach multiple subjects. if children will achive good marks then they will easily adapt to new environment and find best job fit for him and their new family. 
Skills are more important in life. If you have the right and unique skills you will earn more and live a happy life. No one teaches everything to everyone. If everyone learned a skill. It will become common and lose its importance. No one will pay you more for general skills. All are depend on demand and supply. 
Most people like to fool other people. They'll be glad to have someone dumber than them. All are not the same. They would gather in groups and start a topic about popular things and collect some information about person interest. And create a fake environment that doesn't exist. and then they will use that person. Some people would be happy to have someone more powerful and intelligent than them. to become better. 
People will collect things and memories that make them feel happy. People share information in their networks. If you are not connected to a network you will not be able to collect the necessary information about anything. 
Languages, words, slogans, music and stories are created by people for many purpose. The story and music are next level. People create or share stories for their own ulterior motives. The majority shares the beneficiary side with all. They use stories for their own good. No one listens to minority people as if they do not exist. 
We have education. There is nothing in the structure of the building that protects us from weather, temperature, wild animals, insects. This will prevent interference from other people. 
If we send a computer to someone. Then whoever gets the computer will use it. People who don't know the computer has been shipped won't do anything because they don't know anything. People who know that computers have been shipped will use their networks to bring more computers to their home. Some people find disadvantages in computers and how to misuse it. Then everyone will get bored or if new technology comes then they will send their computers to such a place where people will not know about computers or they will not have computers. People share information about something with another person. If the other person finds any unique information then they will share it with their network, which will benefit them in the future. it is like bank. bank give you money if you double the money bank will give you more money. 
If we guide someone, he will guide 30 people. Similarly, If we missguided someone, he will missguided 30 people. This will create diverse people in the society. Some people know how the world works and others don't. Some people will give instructions. Some people will follow instructions. Some people do not follow instructions. Some people will watch everything from a distance like spectators
People do not commit any crime where information about what is on the crime list is shared. Where information is not shared. People use this crime list to mislead people into committing crimes
If I gave you a billion dollars what would you do?
As people come to know how life is, they come to school to guide people like them and tell them how life is. Your life won't be as good if you don't do anything. 

ACBMP book Gives logical answers to the unresolved questions of our life. 
Physics is a branch of science, it contains information about motion and behavior through space and time, energy and force. It is used to understand how the universe behaves or works. 
Chemistry is a branch of science that deals with the properties and behavior of matter in different environments. It studies the elements that make up substances and the compounds made up of atoms, molecules and ions: their composition, structure, properties. 
Mathematics is a knowledge which provides information about numbers, formulas, shapes and spaces, quantities, predictions. 
Biology is a branch of science, which includes information about living organisms. It is the study of past, growth, reproduction, structure, energy processing of living organisms. For example, all organisms are made up of cells that receive information encoded in genes, which can be transmitted to future generations. 
Accountancy deals with economic information such as businesses and corporations. It determines whether the results of an organization's operations are profitable or not. This will help in finding the most efficient way of trading. 
ACBMP is is used to improve and develop technology. This will help the lifestyle of human civilization. And then some people do research and improve science technology. 
